IGM Financial Inc. is one of Canada's leading diversified wealth and asset management companies with approximately $271 billion in total assets under management. The company provides a broad range of financial planning and investment management services to help more than two million Canadians meet their financial goals. Its activities are carried out principally through IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. 
 
Under IGM Financial’s unique business model based on leading brands and multi-channel distribution strategy is Mackenzie Investments, founded in 1967. Mackenzie Investments is a holistic asset-management partner for thousands of Canadian financial advisors and the investors they support. 
 
At Mackenzie Investments You Can Build Your Career with Confidence. 
 
We have a vision and a strategy that will challenge the way business in this industry is done and help Canadians be successful in the ways that mean the most to them. As part of our team, you will do some of your best work, develop some of your most valuable skills and give back in ways that make a difference in the lives of Canadians. We are proud to be recognized as one of Canada’s Top Employers by Mediacorp Canada Inc. for empowering our employees with the tools to thrive, while also providing resources to ensure physical and mental wellness were put front and centre. 
 
Join an unstoppable team that is embedded in continuous learning, understanding, and knowledge sharing. You will thrive in our supportive environment where you can indulge your curiosity to learn, while receiving the feedback you need to refine your skills and abilities. We are dedicated to offering a hybrid work environment when applicable. 
 
Mackenzie Investments is a diverse workplace committed to doing business inclusively - this starts with having a representative workforce! We encourage applications from all qualified candidates that represent the diversity present across Canada – including racialized persons, women, Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, 2SLGBTQIA+ community, gender diverse and neurodiverse individuals, as well as all who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 

Position:  

We are currently hiring an intern looking for a fall term position September to December 2025 in our Toronto Office. Candidates in an undergraduate program that will be returning to school after their internship are eligible to apply. 

  

The Corporate Solutions Technology team at IGM is a highly collaborative group with experience in and passion for delivering innovative solutions for our clients, advisors, and employees using the latest technology and insights. The Corporate Solutions Technology Team deliver solutions for several business areas including Client Services, Finance, Human Resources, Consultant Administration, Investment Management, and Fund Services. 

  

As a Systems Analyst Intern, you will work with the members of our teams and will have an opportunity to contribute to the delivery of technology solutions for our business partners. 

  

Responsibilities:  

Gain both business and technical knowledge, that is required to compete assigned tasks and define/implement solutions that meet business requirements 
Investigate system issues to help determine the cause and solution options 
Liaises with business stakeholders to understand their business objectives and solution requirements 
Collaborate with other technology team members to understand problems and formulate solutions 
Author system documentation to support solution development, and testing 
Author instructional documentation to improve the team’s internal processes 
Hands-on configuration of systems may be required 
  

Requirements:  

Enrolled in a business or technology post-secondary program  
Ability to work independently and within a team environment  
Ability to analyze, investigate and solve problems  
Ability to analyze and interpret data  
Capability to establish and maintain effective partnerships and relationships  
Excellent communication skills (oral, written, presentation)  
Positive attitude, keeping a constant watch on how to do things better  
Adaptability and a willingness to take on new challenges  
Knowledge of tools and technologies (e.g. Microsoft Office Suite) 